Inakaya Watanabe is a small family restaurant.  
Ryo is here every day as head sushi chef, committed to making the best sushi in Columbia.  
That commitment shows.  We're nestled in a little strip mall on the corner of St. Andrews and Jamil Rd., but every night we have great customers who want to learn the culture and eat the food Ryo makes.  But it's not just Ryo that makes that happen.  Everyone at the restaurant adds something special, something unique to the experience.

Our positions come in two main categories:

Front of House:  
Server and Host.  
Servers greet customers at tables, bring food and drinks, run food, bus tables, and help educate customers on Japanese cuisine and guide their experience.
Hosts prepare to-go orders and bring them to customers outside in addition to seating guests, maintaining the wait list, and cleaning and setting tables.
All of our front of house staff rotates between server and host and makes hourly wage plus tips.  We follow the American-Japanese tradition of tip-sharing.

Back of House:
Cook, Dishwasher, Sushi Chef.
In the kitchen, everyone starts off washing dishes and doing prep work.  Our other cooks will teach you how we do things, and you'll learn all aspects of the kitchen.  When Ryo thinks you're ready, you can begin to learn how to make sushi rolls, then nigiri, then sashimi.  If you come in with experience, Ryo will test you.  Starting wage and raises are based on experience and work ethic, respectively.  Being bilingual in Spanish/English is worth extra compensation to better communicate with our experienced cooks.

We offer all employees stable, consistent hours, livable wages, sick leave and time off (please tell us in advance, and especially as front of house, communicate with other servers to cover your shift).  We are closed Sundays and Mondays so that everyone can rest.  More details can be found in the employee manuals and upon request.

If you'd like to be a part of what makes Inakaya Watanabe the best sushi in town, and help Ryo share his culture with Columbia, send resumes to inakayawatanabe@gmail.com, or through our facebook page.
